README.md, before:

# monitor-comisiones-bancarias
A one-day vibe coded project to aggregate and show and compare credit card transaction fees from the most popular Argentinian financial entities.

Currently hosted in GitHub pages at <https://jrusco.github.io/monitor-comisiones-bancarias/>

## Updating Fee Data

The project includes automated scrapers to update fee information from financial entities.

```bash
# Setup (first time only)
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Run scrapers
python3 update_mercadopago_fee.py
python3 update_bna_fee.py
python3 update_uala_fee.py
```

Scrapers will only modify `data.json` if changes are detected.

### Fee data sources

- BNA -> [maspagos](https://maspagos.com.ar/simulador-de-ventas) and [Fiserv](aranceles.fiservargentina.com)
- MercadoPago -> [Phisycal card reader "Point" in Buenos Aires province](https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/ayuda/2779#tabla1) and [QR code payments in Buenos Aires province](https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/ayuda/3605#tabla1)
- Banco Provincia (de Buenos Aires) -> [BP adhesion comercios](https://www.bancoprovincia.com.ar/web/adhesion_comercios)
- Uala -> [Phisycal card reader "Pos Pro"](https://www.ualabis.com.ar/pos-pro)

Commit message:

Add 'Running the Project' section to README

README.md, after:

# monitor-comisiones-bancarias

A one-day vibe coded project to aggregate and show and compare credit card transaction fees from the most popular Argentinian financial entities.

Currently hosted in GitHub pages at <https://jrusco.github.io/monitor-comisiones-bancarias/>

## Running the Project

The application is a static single-page app with no build process needed.

```bash
# Option 1: Open directly in browser
open index.html

# Option 2: Run a local HTTP server
python3 -m http.server 8000
# Then visit http://localhost:8000
```

No dependencies are required to view the application—it uses vanilla JavaScript and Tailwind CSS from CDN.

## Updating Fee Data

The project includes automated scrapers to update fee information from financial entities.

```bash
# Setup (first time only)
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Run scrapers
python3 update_mercadopago_fee.py
python3 update_bna_fee.py
python3 update_uala_fee.py
```

Scrapers will only modify `data.json` if changes are detected.

### Fee data sources

- BNA -> [maspagos](https://maspagos.com.ar/simulador-de-ventas) and [Fiserv](aranceles.fiservargentina.com)
- MercadoPago -> [Phisycal card reader "Point" in Buenos Aires province](https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/ayuda/2779#tabla1) and [QR code payments in Buenos Aires province](https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/ayuda/3605#tabla1)
- Banco Provincia (de Buenos Aires) -> [BP adhesion comercios](https://www.bancoprovincia.com.ar/web/adhesion_comercios)
- Uala -> [Phisycal card reader "Pos Pro"](https://www.ualabis.com.ar/pos-pro)
